Oh God
my mama's throwing a surprise party for
my dad's birthday and it's tonight I was
your favorite literary figure I'm just
not up to dealing with her you know I
can't do costumes just so human mom
give me give it to me we have the
Halloween Festival for the kids we have
Thanksgiving a benefit for the older
people and then we have to decorate all
the Christmas trees Town Square hi happy
birthday - you get a chance to look at
my latest piece yes I'm ready - writer
less is more your dad always says less
this more to me more it's more mom can I
have to have surgery she's gonna die no
she's not going to die I want you to
move home and take care of her home I
cannot just drop everything
it could ruin my career we can get a
nurse and I will come home every purse
without getting in there's your mother
needs you Ellen a Sigma that means three
weeks off in a very nice and raiment of
flowers sent by the staff Kelly yeah I'm
home for a while
not to play nursemaid to me show me out
can't be that hard
[Music]
how would you feel about my introduction
to my collected essays love to wait
could you wash these for me no starch
how do you do this every day in this
house and notices oh I'm gonna be
working late tonight there is nothing
that you know about your father that I
don't know why won't you participate in
the most important thing in your life
foster moon I am just tired thing my
mother is very tiring what has happened
between you and your father to your soul
like please don't say that the first
time I saw your mother she was so filled
with mine from the acclaimed best
selling novel by Pulitzer Prize winner
Anna Quindlen
will you hurt and Renee Zellweger in a
Carl Franklin film they're the ones who
love you that's what counts one true
thing
[Music]